I chose to create a hitomezashi stitch pattern. The algorithm for this pattern involves rows of parallel dashed lines where each row is randomly offeset by one dash length. I initially was introduced to the pattern through this numberphile video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbfhzlMk2eY 
I expanded the typical two-dash pattern to three dashed lines following this image as an example: https://twitter.com/golan/status/1317292289065209856

The parameters I directly modified were the number of rows and columns in the design, which are set as variables at the beginning of the sketch and used to calculate the offsets and length of the dashed lines. I thought I had designed it to work with any amount of rows and columns but the design only worked with certain choices of rows and columns. This is something I hope to remedy with further work on the design. The line offset parameter was set randomly for each dashed line. 

I originally tried to write classes for the dashed lines and planes of dashed lines that I could rotate freely. This proved to be challenging given the way the lines skewed during rotation. The math to lengthen the dashed appropriately was also hard to sort out in the short time given for the assignement. The rotation introduced a lot of aliasing to the lines as well. This would not have effected the plotter output, but the sketch on-screen looked worse. I ended up just kludging the algo together and drawing the lines directly. This ended up limiting the parametric qualities of the sketch. I plan to attempt the original approach again and perhaps expand beyond three lines if I can figure out if there's a logical way to do so. My hunch is that 6 and 8 lines may work, but not much else.